190122 Agenda
CMPT370, Group D1

1. Amendments to Agenda

2. Action Items
	a) Agreement on requirements structure
	b) Agreement on usage of current frameworks, are we happy with
	Slack/Trello/Doodle?
		
3. Agenda Items
	a) General division of work in requirements documentation
	b) Standardization of formatting in requirements documentation
		- TeX template?
	c) AI ideas, since we're all interested in the AI portion of the project,
	what kind of ideas do people have to make the AI effective?
	d) Discuss details of working sessions (How often we should have one? What should we do? etc.)
