190122 Minutes
CMPT370, Group D1

Action Items:

1. Team policy must be made explicit and go in the repo.  We will decide on a
specific policy this week and upload a signed policy before the offical meeting
next Tuesday.

2. The product perspective should be shorter, maybe we should consider removing
the external interfaces section from this as well.

3. Use-cases should be moved to product functions, it is better suited there.

4. Actors should be introduced BEFORE the use-cases, this will make the
document flow better.

5. Reliability requirements should be short, or possibly removed and added only
later as a "nice to have".

6. We need to discuss the GUI and come up with some basic mock-ups.

7. We need to split up the workload by introduction/requirements.  One person
should be in charge of the introduction by themselves while the rest of the
document will be handled by everyone else.

General Discussion Items:

1. We should focus more on brainstorming for the GUI aspect of the project.

2. We should look into some of the built in Java AI libraries and start
thinking about how to incorporate them.

3. Meeting once a week is probably good for now, but should probably be
dependant on the deadlines themselves.
